Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh wedding was one of the biggest Bollywood events that happened in 2018. The Deepika and Ranveer celebrations not only had all of us hooked on to our phones, waiting for what’s to come but also gave enough and more reason to believe just how stylish these two are as a couple. From airport looks to reception parties and everything in between here’s an entire timeline of Deepika and Ranveer's wedding style file!
This year was the year of big fat lavish and extravagant weddings. From Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh, from Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas to Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath, 2018 saw many grand weddings. But nothing beats this man, who just won the Wedding of The Year award from social media.
Pictures from Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas' New Year's celebrations are outstanding. Priyanka Chopra and Nick shared glimpses of the celebration in Verbier, Switzerland. Priyanka Chopra married Nick Jonas in December and after their three wedding receptions - one in New Delhi and two in Mumbai.
This year was the year of big fat lavish and extravagant weddings. From Isha Ambani and Anand Piramal to Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh, from Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas to Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath, 2018 saw many grand weddings. But nothing beats this man, who just won the Wedding of The Year award from social media. 
Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath's Jaggo night on December 11 was made even more special by their industry friends. Kapil Sharma and Ginni Chatrath are friends for a long time.
There, by Virat side was his actress wife Anushka Sharma, who had the pleasure of having an audience with the PM.
While the couple rang in the New Year in style, the morning saw Virat dress up in his squad attire and Anushka don a pink Salwar suit.
Isha Ambani married Anand Piramal this year.
We recently got our hands on a video from ‘’83’s wrap-up party where Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone are seen dancing.Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone had a pizza date amid the nationwide lockdown on Saturday.
Deepika Padukone, in a recent interview with Anupama Chopra, revealed that her actor husband Ranveer Singh complains about her on the family WhatsApp group.
Priyanka Chopra revealed Nick’s awkward but sweet bedroom secret. Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas are one of the most loved couples globally. Priyanka chopra and Nick Jonas worked together in Qunatico. Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli have the dreamiest marriage in B-town. Virat Kohli revealed that the first time he was introduced to Anushka was during an ad film shoot. Anushka Sharma Virat Kohli split.